millions of Robins chaffinches and
thrushes from Britain alone spend each
winter in the warmer sanctuary of the
court for us however it's only in the
last 20 years that the rich diversity of
plant and animal life have been
seriously studied here thiago mark is an
an array know of that specialist caves
and old mine workings are traditionally
used by alan Tytos bats for winter
hibernation Anna and Tiago are surveying
their populations before the bats
dispersed to breed these are greater
mousy at-bats there's one of 26 species
found in this region of Portugal
even here some like majalis horseshoe
bat are extremely rare but today the
scientists are concentrating on a
relatively abundant cork woodland
specialist this species on this path is
called the bantering back because
despite his small body size he has this
large and very not narrow rings and to
keep them forward they just bent tip of
the wing you can see it now open bands
it so that's why it's called like that
their long wings are perfect for rapid
flight between the oak trees in search
of insects and thanks to the minimal use
of pesticides there's no shortage of
them in the Montana